Privacy Policy

 

Google Analytic Privacy Policy：click and jump to https://www.google.com/analytics/terms/us.html/

 

Your privacy is important to "Weather". Sometimes we need information to provide services that you request, this privacy statement applies to "Weather" app and other "Weather" widgets.

Personal Information

We DO NOT collect, store or use any personal information while you visit, download or upgrade our products.

We may use personal information submitted by you only for the following purposes: help us develop, deliver, and improve our products and services and supply higher quality service.

In the following circumstances, we may disclose your personal information according to your wish or regulations by law:

 

(1) Your prior permission;

(2) By the applicable law within or outside your country of residence, legal process, litigation requests;

(3) By requests from public and governmental authorities;

(4) To protect our legal rights and interests.

 

 

Non- Personal Information

We may collect and use non-personal information in the following circumstances. To have a better understanding in user’s behavior, solve problems in products and services, improve our products, services and advertising, we may collect non-personal information such as installed application name and package name, the data of install, frequency of use, country, equipment and channel.

If non-personal information is combined with personal information, we treat the combined information as personal information for the purposes of this Privacy Policy.

Information we get from your use of our services

We may collect information about the services that you use and how you use them, such as when you view and interact with our content. We may collect device-specific information (such as your hardware model, operating system version, unique device identifiers, and mobile network information). We will not share that information with third parties.

 

Location information

When you use a location-enabled "Weather" app service, we may collect and process information about your actual location, like GPS signals sent by a mobile device. We may also use various technologies to determine location, such as sensor data from your device that may, for example, provide information on nearby Wi-Fi access points and cell towers.

 

"Weather" will occasionally update this privacy statement. When we do so, we will also revise the "last modified" date of the privacy statement.


Third Party SDK or Library information

We have used Google Analytics and we have follow Google Analytic Terms and Use https://www.google.com/analytics/terms/us.html
